plus
hello friends I'm going to show you a trap
that occurs in the Sicilian defense
exactly in the specific variant or
movie
the opening begins with 4
f3 horse
horse 6
of 4
be by 4
horse of 4
horse 16
attacking the pawn of 4
horses of three I understand
is 5 attacking the 4 horse
basic horse this is typical in this
opening
Of 6
and now the white begins the trap
horse
if at this moment what are
threatening White in case the
black catch at the worst is word
horse
feel and win a tower therefore
Blacks take the horse
horse in size 5
but by 5
and also being the hair
the horse has two options or it
retires backwards and wastes a time or
there are seven because if you come
until here it would be attacked again
some others worse and I would have to
retire to a pretty box
therefore uncomfortable
the case the horse is removed
until the box is always
at this time
the white take care 4 supporting what
we have entered is attacked by the
horse
blacks turn off to throw the horse
uncomfortable and specific
and white places his lady attacking
by x- rays to the king who is in
the
as we can see we are dominating a
gene that has discovered an attack was
discovered therefore the situation of
of the king of blacks is a delicate
attack to the discovered and we would win
therefore at this moment the black
they fall into the trap and
of cover a bishop
of 7 and get checkmate a horse
that's why you can see checkmate
and the game is won for the brands
however in case of now played
at the end of seven that is a play
very bad in case of having touched counted
also the plate has no mate
but a horse has the advantage
and
cavallo by 6 to that would have to move
the bathroom can capture again
in that 7 with check and later
capture the tower and in the king's case
move back to this box could
give another to win over others in
case you do not want testers
Well I hope you liked these
frosts and that we bathe in a next
video